README.md, before:

# FestivalApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

added readme.md and code clean up

README.md, after:

# Music Festival List

This application retrieves music festival data and displays them in a particular manner: 
at the top level, it shows the band record label, below that it lists out all bands under their management, and below that it displays which festivals they've attended, if any. All entries are sorted alphabetically.

For example:

Record Label 1
    Band X
        Omega Festival
    Band Y
Record Label 2
    Band A
        Alpha Festival
        Beta Festival

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.4 Node version 10.15.3 and NPM version 6.4.1

## Prerequisites

You need to install Node.js with NPM and Angular CLI.

## Installation

From the project root folder run `npm install` to install local dependencies. This will install all the dependencies declared in the package.json file.

## Running the application

Run `npm run start` to start the application on dev server and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. 

## Running unit tests

Run `npm run test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

End-to-end tests are currently not implemented.
